what's up guys Hydra craft here and
welcome to geo guests are this is a
things like a website where you've been
dropped in a random location in the
world and you have to figure out where
you are in google maps street view using
clues from where you are so first thing
i see that's a Cadillac so maybe USA and
then there's like a dude right there but
then there's like French so maybe Canada
oh yeah I can do that oh my gosh ahhhh
oh my dead they're just a dude sitting
in an armchair like he's just like what
the heck there's a sign I saw sign okay
that's that's French so my guess is
somewhere in Canada let's go with um
let's go ontario just like it's close to
the u.s. someplace that isn't like
populated cuz don't we like a tiny
little town let's go right there and not
bad actually not bad so the place lives
actually in quebec that's good to know
sorry there's like an ad over here Oh
see so I actually didn't do too bad
that's pretty good did I enjoy this
location
yeah alright let's do the next round oh
dang where are we that's what we have to
figure out all right I'm just gonna go
there's a power line down there so that
means houses I'm just gonna go as far
down this route there's a house of some
sort maybe hmm yep see if we can get
some information I doubt it ah this is a
really terrible location um well judging
by that like the way that it's like not
nice looking is just not great so maybe
like it's some play rural area like
Appalachia or something it's pretty flat
so i'm assuming not USA but it could be
hmm does this road have any anything
else on it that would oh oh oh what is
that ok so I see like a lot of random
tall trees so that probably means that
we're probably in the US maybe like
Russia or something but for right now I
literally have no idea where we are
let's go way down here
wow that's a little nicer so let's say
let's say like Oh some some something
vote no on shale gas so then that would
be in the US let's go right smack dab in
the middle west virginia new brunswick
really wow well i'm on the same
continent I did definitely not enjoy
this see we're here oh my god hey well
it's not all terrible what does that do
yeah it's not all terrible we still got
a couple of things to look at um oh boy
okay it's probably like the US but you
can never be sure so wait let's look at
the car looks like a Chevy nope that's
Jeep and so is that other one yeah so
this is definitely the US or Canada all
my locations over Canada that's a Prius
no ah ok so looks like rural us the
Great Plains somewhere so let's go with
like Iowa I don't know or just like BAM
ah ok let's see where it was Sidney
Nebraska how was I supposed to know
alright one star that was terrible
alright next location this is not any
better um what is that what is that what
is that thing there's like a part of an
airplane on the road what the heck so
weird alright judging by light the fact
that there are like a ton of mountains
and the roads are like new oh there's a
sign that's good that's really good what
does it say aught freakin yeah to turn
sign ah gosh dang it
now let's keep going there's nothing
really here just gotta keep going on
this road nothing's really gonna have my
gosh ok let's go all the way down there
cuz I see something what are those say
um nobody knows what language is that no
at a lantar what does that mean ah Dan
lantar searching it google chrome
advance oops sorry don't advance that's
good to know so obviously in a
spanish-speaking country um so I could
probably wait let's look at that car
there was a car where are you where are
you there was a car here ok there was
definitely a car here and I need to find
it ok well let's just say just cuz it
looks semi nice let's say like Spain
because it's definitely not Mexico um
let's just find a random place in Spain
like hmm well we can't tell the
elevation so the screen place looks good
right check aww and it
is actually in Argentina oh by like
cordoba ah where toro smartos argentina
okay well oh yeah that was pretty good
all right last round okay we're in
Russia it's good to know ah let's turn
this way see what is that what is that
what what the heck it's like they threw
something in from the Google car or
something that's so weird all right I
don't know what that means but we're in
Russia because that weird like n I know
that but let's just continue on this
road and see if there's anything that we
can find immediately that looks like a
sign so I'm happy about that that just
says caution boulders are falling from
the sky this is boring I wish I knew
where we were but Russia is all we know
oh there was a car I saw car we can
generate more ideas there's a car okay
it's gone now okay what brand does that
car appear to be no one knows so let's
say you know what I don't think it's
gonna be Russia I think it's going to be
like Kazakhstan so let's say somewhere
in Kazakhstan like right right there
sounds great and where was it actually
in Russia I
ah I knew it had to be in Russia uh
where are we 41 k 19 where does that go
to I don't know what did i do I don't
know well that's not bad so I actually
like the location it was good alright so
what did we do um game finish well done
your total score was 89 25 points so the
first that one we did really good on
like we we guess like Xiaomi er why do I
keep clicking like I'm so bad and it was
actually whatever that is so like that
first the first one was good and this
one like we're just like it's completely
in like collection nope they're like New
Brunswick and then the Nebraska one I
understand but like I'm not sure why I
said Illinois I should have really said
in Nebraska and then the one the one in
Argentina it just looked too nice to be
like a South American country so I was
like completely it's in Spain but no and
then the last one you know what I did
okay so that's good what is this oh
that's coolers actual maps well so that
was Gio guess our hope you enjoyed um
leave like don't forget to subscribe and
I'll hate you guys more episodes so
hydrogen craft I hope you guys have had
an enjoyable time watching this video
because I know for me it's been a little
boring but um hydrogen craft signing off
see you guys